Thank you for joining me again tonight.
We're going to pray.
I'll go over some of the things the Lord showed us on Tuesday night.
Hopefully, it will bless you.
It's all, in my opinion, where the Holy Spirit is leading me, and I'm so thankful that there are so many of you who come out and pray with me on a day-to-day basis.
As we keep growing and reaching new levels, I'm so thankful for every single one of you.
I just want to tell you thank you for being so dedicated to coming and praying.
Last video, when we were together, what I believe the Lord showed me—some of the things the Lord showed us—shook me.
I was excited about it.
A lot of you wanted to know what black onyx was.
You asked right off the bat, 'Brandon, can you tell us what black onyx was?
What is this black onyx you're seeing?
' It was something that the Lord was hiding in a code.
I've prayed over the black onyx now for the last two days, praying over what the Lord showed me.
Praying over this new tech, is what I want to call it—the new digital age, the new industrial revolution, right?
Yeah.
So, I want to tell you what I saw concerning Elon Musk first.
I saw Elon Musk coming out with a new invention.
Now, Braden showed me the tech concerning this, and it's old news.
There are a lot of people that have already—there was a Black man that had made this tech, and he had the idea to pull water out of the air and create a box that was pretty substantial.
It was a big box, and you would have pure drinking water.
Supposedly, Mr.
Beast and the other guy—I don't know, he's a NASA guy—were talking about it.
So, people sent me the video, and it's from like five months ago.
I saw that Elon Musk was about to create something that would be sent to third-world countries.
Instead of drilling a well into the earth, they would pull the water out of the air.
But it was not a big thing.
What I saw being created and thought of was the size of something you would put in your house that would create up to five gallons of water a day.
The size of this, but it was run by solar power, and it had a blue light in it to purify the water.
It had some kind of blue beam.
I saw this blue beam, but it was a box.
It was like a cube, and I saw a solar panel on the side of this cube, and it was powered by batteries that run off a Tesla battery—like a small battery that would be chargeable to create power from the sun—that also had satellite capabilities to have free internet.
It would have Starlink running this; it was an internet device and water device that shot off a signal to have internet in areas that never had internet before.
And it was all linked to this box.
What's wrong?
They're saying something is wrong with the sound.
One second.
What happened?
Is it unplugged?
Let's just pray over this live stream tonight.
We bind you, Satan, off of our live stream, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We thank you, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are camped around and about us, Father.
We thank you, Lord, for your angels.
We thank you, Lord.
We cover the internet in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, that the live stream functions like it's supposed to.
Is it working now?
Good.
Okay.
All right.
Do I need to start over?
I mean, you can hear it, but would it be better if I start over?
Do you understand everything I've said so far?
It's important.
Tell us in the stream.
I don't want to waste y'all's time.
Can they hear me?
Do you want me to start over?
Yeah, 73% say they don't want you to start over.
Okay.
All right.
So, this box that I saw Elon Musk—I saw him creating this new type of invention to produce water in third-world countries.
And I saw it going to Gaza and to Africa.
Instead of taking the money and the time it takes to drill wells into the earth—which takes a lot of money for the piping, the drillers, and all the stuff to bring water into areas that didn't have clean water—they were thinking outside of the box to create water in third-world countries that was purified, and it would create five gallons of water per machine a day.
And I saw this box that would go into an individual house that would run and just pull the water out of the air.
Elon Musk was creating this somehow.
I could see Elon's face, and the Lord said, 'Pray for him.
' And I saw it being a missionary tool for missions to take clean water with you—boxes for families.
Now, five gallons for a family.
If a person drinks a gallon of water a day—which I don't know if many people drink a gallon of water a day, but I'm sure there are some of you; I mean, we all should—but drinking enough water that was purified by a blue light.
Okay.
But the water was amazing.
But it was out of this box that had a solar panel, that was communicating to Starlink, and I could see it.
It was being mass-produced all around the world, and it was another form of a business like Starlink, SpaceX, Tesla—another branch of something else that he would do in the days ahead.
Now, I don't know when, I just saw something.
And so, the Lord said, 'Pray over this.
' So, after Braden said, 'Dad, this technology has been out there for a while,' this man was on Good Morning America or whatever it was, and he was talking about how he's the one who created it.
And then I saw Mark—what's his name?
Rober.
Yeah, Mark Rober and Mr.
Beast talking about it.
Braden found the video, and they took this, and you could just show the picture.
Don't play the clip.
This is the technology.
It's a box, but it's big.
It looks like a massive air conditioner, like a condenser or whatever outside.
But this is producing...
Now, how much water do they say this produces?
I don't think they said a specific amount, but they said it was enough to supply this whole building.
Okay, so it was enough to supply quite a few.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, I saw Tesla trying to perfect it.
Elon Musk was trying to perfect it, but it was two smaller devices that had Starlink attached to it now and solar-powered.
Now, I think this is interesting because Braden was showing me all the tech behind it, and I was saying this is what the Lord was showing me, but there's going to be something they'll use it for missions.
See, show this.
I know you can't show it because it's Mr.
Beast, but you can show the device.
Yeah, just mute it and show the picture.
So, you see how it brings in the air and the water comes out and fills this basin.
Squeezing water out of the air.
Yeah, they're squeezing the water out of the air.
Okay.
So, it comes in and squeezes out, and then the people are able to drink it.
And they said it's so clean you could use it in an operating room.
Yes, that's what this guy was talking about.
So, this is old news, obviously, what I was seeing.
But I saw something to do with Elon Musk.
So, that was part of what I saw this last week.
'Well, big deal, Brandon.
' Well, it is.
It's a big deal to people who don't have clean water.
And so, I think it's exciting.
What does Elon Musk do with this?
I don't know, but we'll see in the days ahead, I'm sure, concerning humanitarian aid.
Okay.
Ready?
Who?
Yeah, this is the man that created it.
This is the man that created it.
He's the founder.
So, he made a big one.
Yeah, so it's hard to bring that into a village when it's big like that.
I saw a small one, the size of a small TV, and they were able to have internet on it.
So okay, let's move on.
Ready?
That is pretty cool though for people who live in Gaza who need clean water, because drilling a well is expensive.
I think when we had our well priced, it was almost $10,000.
I just thought, 'Wow, for just one well, and that's in America.
' What would it take to drill a well in Africa or in these other areas?
I don't know, but I'm sure it's not cheap.
Now, the Lord showed me when we were praying over this clean water for the people—new water inventions coming out so people don't go thirsty anymore.
No more drinking out of a ditch in Haiti; drinking good, clean water.
Better than Starbucks triple-filtered.
Let's talk about what I saw.
I saw a black onyx building.
I don't feel a release to tell you exactly what this is, but I saw a black onyx building.
I didn't even know there was a crypto called Black Onyx, so I'm not adding to or taking away from anything.
People are saying, 'This is what he's talking about.
' Braden told me, 'No, that's not it.
' I don't know what that is; I'm not here to be an investment adviser.
I am telling you a vision and I want you to pray about it.
I'm never going to tell you to invest in anything.
I am not a financial adviser; that's not what God's called me to do.
There are a lot of you that want financial advice, and I'm not going to do that ever.
It's all my opinion based on what the Holy Spirit is showing me, and you must take it to God in prayer because I'm just human and could be off.
I saw a black building rising up out of nowhere, like a skyscraper being built.
It was built out of black onyx, which represented something very dark and evil.
It is the beast system, the Antichrist system that is about to rise.
I saw Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, and other billionaires in a row.
It was all in blocks concerning wealth.
As the days and months went on, some people's wealth went up and down like a bar graph.
As I watched this new thing that I call Black Onyx, it rose past all the other billionaires on Billionaire Row, from Warren Buffett to all of them.
This represented an individual, a new tech billionaire more powerful than Jeff Bezos, who will coincide with Elon.
They will go back and forth as the new world superpowers, trading places at the top.
This vision was concerning companies more powerful than Google or Apple.
Apple is worth a lot, but its wealth is spread out; there isn't one big billionaire like Elon over it.
Steve Jobs died, but then you have the gray-headed guy over there—I guess he just got fired or whatever and is looking for a new job.
I saw Apple's corporate wealth versus individual wealth.
As I saw both, this individual's shares make him worth billions, and his company will be worth trillions.
It was going above Google and Amazon; it was very competitive.
I'm doing the best I can to explain it.
It was black onyx, and this was a crypto, but it represents a dark beast system for the future.
But the Lord said, 'What the devil meant for bad, I'll turn it around for good in your favor for a wealth transfer.
' The Lord said He can make billionaires out of this to get the gospel preached throughout the whole world for those who get in at the beginning.
You will have to have ears to hear what the Holy Spirit is telling you, because it will be greater than Apple and Google.
These are the richest people in the world: Bill Gates, Warren Buffett—it's all going up.
There you see Elon; he passes Jeff.
This new individual will be more powerful than Jeff and will compete with Elon.
It was built like a black tower with sharp sides; it looked like it would cut you.
But the Lord said, 'I can make billionaires out of the beginning of this.
' Nothing is going to stop it because we know the end times are right at our doorstep.
I'm excited because I know Jesus is coming sooner than later.
Am I sad to see all this happen?
Yes, because we know the result for a lot of people.
The end is here, and we're praying that every one of you comes to the saving knowledge of Jesus Christ, but the beast system is coming out in full force right now.
I could see this new Black Onyx thing coming.
We've talked about Cuba all the time, and the Lord said, 'I'm going to liberate Cuba.
There's going to be a major revival in Cuba; I'm going to shake Cuba.
' There are going to be three major hubs of churches in Cuba and new businesses.
I saw a new waterfront, a new SeaWorld coming to Cuba, a SeaWorld coming that had roller coasters and an amusement park.
It was a cruise destination.
Cuba looked like the place to be.
I saw hotels, golf courses, and major money being poured into Cuba.
I saw major cigar factories producing Cuban cigars for the Western world and whoever has not been able to have them because they're illegal.
Go ahead and play President Trump.
Let's listen to those clips.
Now, listen to what they're saying because it goes with the prophetic word, the word of wisdom, or whatever you want to call it, the vision of what the Lord has told us.
Now, we've been talking about this for well over a year and now it's in the news.
So, we see the news before the news happens.
Go ahead.
I want you to play it.
Marco's parents, as you know, were from Cuba.
We have a lot of expertise in Cuba.
It's not going to be like the biggest thing we've ever done, but I will tell you to a lot of people it's going to be one of the most important.
They've been looking for this moment for 65 years.
So, we'll see what happens.
But in the meantime, we're going to have to help them out.
They have no way of living.
They have no food, no electricity, no energy at all.
But they do have great people; there are a lot of great people.
I have so many Cuban friends in Miami and Florida, and they're unbelievable people.
They're unbelievable entrepreneurs and they'd like to go back.
I think they are hopefully going to want to live here, but they want to go back.
Maybe they'll invest.
We'll see what happens.
But we're freeing up Cuba.
Next clip.
This guy's belly button is really strange; he needs a healing there.
To intimidate the Cuban government?
No, not at all.
Cuba, look, it's a failed country.
Everybody knows it.
They don't have electricity.
They don't have money.
They don't have really anything.
They don't have food.
And we're going to help them along.
We're going to help them because, number one, I want to help them on a humanitarian basis.
But we have the Cuban-American population, much of it living in Miami and Florida.
That's a great group of people, an amazing group of people, industrious; they're great Americans.
They've wanted this to happen.
They want to go back to their country and help their country.
I hope they're going to stay here, but they want to go back.
They want to invest in their country and see if they can bring it back.
Other presidents have looked at this for 50 or 60 years and it looks like I'll be the one that does it.
So we'd be happy to do it.
We want to open it up to Cuban Americans where they can go back and help.
So the word the Lord gave us is happening.
Listen to Byron.
Look at Byron.
Remember I told you to watch Byron?
Watch Byron first and foremost.
Go ahead.
The regime has to end.
I agree with what my colleagues have said about Raúl and the family.
Of course, we want him in jail, but if they leave, they leave.
The second key thing is going to be working with whatever semblance of government that exists in a free Cuba to reestablish the constitution that works for the people of Cuba, to actually have a system of security, a system where you can set up a judicial court system to operate.
You have to also figure out how you're going to manage direct foreign investment that would go to an open and free Cuba, how you're going to guarantee contracts and that type of a system.
Florida stands ready to cooperate with a free Cuba.
We stand ready to do that work.
Our port systems, both our seaports and our airports, are fully equipped and ready with investment moving through the United States of America coming from Florida to help the Cuban people stabilize that country and then to reopen it as a free society.
But I want to stress Florida will fully cooperate with a free Cuba.
Florida will not cooperate with some amalgam of a new dictatorship if the Castros are gone.
I said they're going to remove all the Castros.
In the days ahead, I saw Marines, I saw Navy Seals, I saw people coming in the night.
Now, listen to what he says.
What did Rubio say?
Remember when you showed me?
He said, 'We're not going to tell you where we're going to do it.
' He said, 'We're not going to tell you when we're going to do this.
' He goes, 'Why would we tell you?
' I know it's a dumb question.
Remember that?
Well, if you don't want to play that, play the other one with the old man while you're getting that one because it blessed me.
The gray-headed old guy.
We got to move quick.
We're late.
Play him.
He left Cuba in 1961 when he was just 15 years old.
That is correct.
Tell me about what today means in the news of the indictment of Raúl Castro.
It means some justice for the Cuban people for 67 years.
Sorry, we have been ignored by everybody: the United Nations, the Organization of American States, the European Union, everybody.
So, we hope this is the beginning of the downfall of the Castro regime.
Sorry, I'm a little emotional.
And we're ready to go back and help in the reconstruction of our country with work, with money, with investment, and with love that has been lacking in Cuba for the last six decades.
Oscar, thank you so much for sharing your perspective.
I know you're getting emotional because this is a huge day for the Cuban community.
It blessed me because I appreciate it.
Yeah, met with them recently.
The CIA director was down there a few weeks ago.
There's some State Department communications that occur.
I just don't see a lot of At the end of the day, they got to make a decision.
Their system doesn't work.
Their economic system does not work.
It's broken.
And you can't fix it with the current political system that's in place.
They just don't comprehend how to do it.
And it's a failed state.
Like their economy and the model they're trying to follow in Cuba doesn't resemble what anyone is doing anywhere in the world.
I mean, there are other ways to do it that can provide the people of Cuba prosperity and opportunity.
And it's what I said in the video to them the other day.
You look at Cuba, the Bahamas, Jamaica, the Dominican Republic, and here in Florida.
Cuba's surrounded by places where people have the right to do things like own a business, work for themselves, and be able to vote for the leaders that govern them or replace them.
So, if that's possible all around Cuba, why is that not possible inside of Cuba?
And right now there just doesn't seem to be people over there in charge of the regime who are in any way open to any of those changes.
And the things they've talked about economically are cosmetic in nature.
They're not real because that's what they've gotten used to all these years is just buying time and waiting us out.
They're not going to be able to wait us out or buy time.
We're very serious.
We're very focused.
As I told you a moment ago in the context of Iran, the president's preference is always a negotiated agreement that's peaceful.
That's always our preference.
That remains our preference with Cuba.
I'm just being honest with you.
You know, the likelihood of that happening given who we're dealing with right now is not high.
But if they have a change of heart, we're here, and in the meantime, we'll keep doing what we need to do.
It sounds a lot like nation building.
The administration doesn't believe in using force for nation building.
It's not nation building.
We are addressing something that's directly related to the national security of the United States.
We are involved in places all over the world.
You're asking me about Ebola.
Important, but Ebola is in Africa.
Cuba's 90 miles from our shores.
So if you have a systemic meltdown in that country, which is where they're headed, their power plants, by the way, the reason why their power plants break down, they've been having blackouts for years.
They had major blackouts last year, and they were still getting free Venezuelan oil.
They haven't spent a penny in fixing their energy production or their electrical grid.
They don't spend any money on that stuff; they pocket it.
They have a private military company named GAESA who's sitting on $18 billion of assets, and not a penny of that transfers over to the state budget.
Not a penny of that goes over to help the people of Cuba—not one cent.
So even if they had all the diesel in the world, they still wouldn't be able to generate energy because they've stolen the money and haven't invested in their energy infrastructure.
So you're heading for a failed state.
That's what you have now.
But it's 90 miles from our shores, so we'll be impacted by the migratory crisis, by any violence and instability that happens there.
It directly implicates the United States' national interest.
So the future of Cuba belongs to the people of Cuba in terms of how they're governed, what the system looks like, and so forth.
But the national security threat is 100% something we're going to focus on because that's about America.
I loved it.
Praise the Lord.
It's time for the Cuban people to have a major revival.
And as I saw in this, I saw that leader sacrificing chickens and drinking the blood down in what looked like a cellar below this house.
It was a beautiful white house with a red roof that had tiles on it.
And he was killing these chickens and looking at President Trump's picture.
And as he was doing this—and I don't focus on the darkness—I saw him start to shapeshift into a dog, his face, but I saw a man in the corner who had antlers on his head, doing some kind of dance with his shirt off, and they were doing satanic stuff against our president.
And the Lord said, 'Intercede.
' And I saw they had a lead case with a device that could not be sniffed out by our sniffers that was given to them by the Russian government from the 1960s Cuban Missile Crisis.
They have weapons that we don't know they have.
But as I saw this, he was going to set this thing off trying to retaliate from America coming within to make it uninhabitable on this mountain.
There was a mountain there, and they had a base in this mountain, and there were gold coins and gold bars all inside of this mountain and $100 bills, and they put it on a boat.
He didn't fly out.
He went to the Dominican Republic through a system in Cuba to get away.
And he got in a boat and Claudia kept him—Claudia kept him in Mexico at a resort, hiding the leader of Cuba.
In the days ahead, he goes to the Dominican Republic and flies out in a private jet.
He didn't fly out of Cuba.
He took a boat, and it's 400 miles away to the Dominican Republic from what I understand from the point of Cuba where I saw him leaving.
So, this is the kind of stuff I saw.
And I saw when it comes to the CIA, I saw projects that were dark, that were worse than waterboarding in these rooms.
I saw things that were very dark.
But the Lord said he was exposing things, and I saw finances coming to Cuba from America with investments.
But the Lord said, 'Pay attention to Cuba.
Don't underestimate your enemy.
' How many times the Lord said that?
'Don't underestimate your enemy.
Watch Cuba.
' And I've had video after video; the Lord said, 'Watch Cuba.
' The mules, the balseros.
Don't underestimate your enemy.
The Lord said they're cocky; 'We're going to do this, we're going to do that.
' But I say they have a stronghold of people with blue uniforms that are the resistance to this because they're loyal to the Castros and to the leader there now.
And I saw a loyalty that I was praying, 'Lay down your arms.
' But I saw gang leaders like MS-13 gang leaders—that's the only way to tell, I don't know how else to say it—in Cuba that were like drug lords for prostitution, drug trafficking, and such coming out of Cuba that was connected to Colombia and Venezuela.
They were like bosses, but I saw a free Cuba coming.
But there were our men and women of service that we pray over who would go in in the middle of the night and invade with tech like I've never seen.
I saw it go dark with cyber warfare to be able to infiltrate and take over more easily.
But he was in a bunker in the mountain.
He was in a bunker, and there was one way in and there was a secret way out, and I saw they couldn't get out with a helicopter.
So, those are the things we've been praying over for quite a while and now we see this stuff in the news today.
It hasn't happened yet, but we see the birthing pains of it.
So, it's pretty accurate so far.
To the people who don't believe in it, you don't have to watch.
But I'm telling you, a great revival, I believe, is coming to Cuba and a great shaking to awaken.
And I believe with all my heart, it's sooner than later.
Why?
Because we're looking at the end of the end.
And God said, 'I want the Cuban people to have a major revival.
' So when the day happens, you'll remember the Lord said it.
The Lord said it, not Brandon.
We always attract to deflect; it's always about giving glory to Jesus.
The same with Israel striking Iran.
I said in the days ahead, I did not see America striking Iran anymore.
I saw Israel doing it and people get very mad at Israel for what they're about to do.
America pulls back.
I saw America pulling back and Israel going full force one time.
Boom.
With devices we've never seen used before.
And it would be used on the mountain.
And the mountain was glowing in the dark.
It was glowing.
Now, I know that's a metaphor—I don't think it really is glowing with green light—but I saw Israel about to use tech with some kind of device that has never been used before.
And it made the mountain where you couldn't go in it to get this uranium.
Okay?
And I said, 'Watch, pray for Israel.
' I saw an attack coming against Israel that was worse than the one that happened in October.
It happens in the middle of the night.
They use chemical weapons on the people this time with sprayers.
It was a mustard-looking color.
It was yellow.
And they spray them and the trucks come out of the mountain and they're brought across Syria into Damascus, coming across Iraq at the top, and they brought it in a truck and they were 50-gallon drums and they gave it to, I believe it was like Hezbollah.
So, those are the things we're praying over because I saw them trying to strike Israel, and so we continue to pray for Israel.
We believe we have power and authority and we pray for the peace of Jerusalem.
We pray for the peace of Israel.
We pray for the covering over their people, their innocent people, and we pray that Iran is liberated.
The Lord said, 'I'm bringing a great revival to Iran and I will shake Iran for the underground church will rise up and they will have a window.
' And the Lord said, 'Pray for the gray-headed man with the bald head, the prince, because they said in the days ahead, I saw him be assassinated.
' And the Lord said, 'Pray for Reza Pahlavi.
' I saw him being a leader there for a season, trying to speak out and do stuff, but then they took him out with a sniper.
He was speaking and I saw a new leader coming up out of Iran.
But when this happened, the Prince of Persia shrunk back for a season and I saw Iraq coming up and I saw blessing coming up out of Iraq.
I know I go over these words a lot, but there's a lot of things the Lord gives us and it gets buried and people accuse you.
'Well, Brandon is buried.
We don't know what you say all the time.
You speak for three hours.
' I don't want anybody to get lost in this.
And I am not trying to hide anything.
I try to bring everything out as much as I can remember to rehash it so you'll remember it, because I believe in my heart it will come to pass.
So, here we are.
Let's see what happens next.
Praying over Taiwan for an invasion from China, with North Korea being a part of it.
Praying over Ukraine and Russia.
I'm curious about what happened with the meeting with him and Xi, and the big event they had this week.
They had a cooking class together; I thought that was kind of fun.
They did a cooking thing.
Best friends that could hold hands.
I thought, "Are they having a cooking party?
They're making dumplings and stuff.
" Isn't that kind of interesting?
Two men like that having a dumpling party, making some kind of crepes.
I thought it was kind of funny.
I guess it shows they like cooking, but whatever.
Next, look, see, they even have a portrait together.
They're all hanging together in a portrait.
It's a painting.
They're like best friends.
I'm surprised they're not holding hands.
Putin's excited about it.
Best friends, I guess.
Is Trump not invited?
He didn't get to be in the picture.
I wonder what Trump's thinking: "Well, you didn't make a picture of me.
" Look, they could put their flags together.
Let's clap.
2026, 2027—what's happening?
Oh, shake hands.
"You're my friend.
See, we did more than Trump and you, right?
" A hundred thousand Russians study Chinese, including 20,000 in educational courses in China, right?
Their kids are starting to learn Russian.
So, they let him start Russian.
They're going to shake hands.
And then they did oil deals.
I swear, didn't you hear President Trump say my party was better than his?
What we do was better than theirs.
I thought it was funny; I laughed.
They're so competitive.
Look, there they are again, shaking hands.
Unity being shown.
Now, this is interesting.
These men were on a hidden assignment to attack Israel.
Look how they are hiding.
They were going into Israel to attack.
You see them?
They're hiding in a trailer bed on a semi, similar to the way I saw the children being smuggled in from Mexico.
This is a semi-trailer bed and they're hiding in there.
That's the driver.
They don't show the whole semi; this is just the bed of it.
But at least they caught them.
They didn't have anything in the load.
It would probably have been more believable going down the highway with some bananas or something in it.
Pretty dumb.
Next, he indicted that Castro, and then NASA.
Remember I said in the days ahead—remember this before they even said it—I put it in the picture at the beginning of the year.
NASA says they're going to build the new moon base.
Tuesday, May 26, is a live news event where we'll share updates on our lunar exploration plans.
They want to build a new moon base, and this is what we're hearing today.
Go back to the picture.
I told you this was coming at the beginning of the year.
I said they're going to talk about making a moon base and it will be in the news a lot.
Here it is.
Join us at 2:00 PM on the 26th, which is next Tuesday.
I don't always try to point out that we're accurate, that the Lord's accurate, or that the stuff I'm bringing to you isn't flaky because there are so many haters, but I'm trying to show you this is the stuff the Lord's showing us.
We told you about it clear back here.
Where's the moon base?
That's the rocket.
See, I told Braden to make it next to the rocket.
And they did it.
They put the men in it just like the Lord said, and it went around the moon.
I said they're going to make a moon base right next to it.
Do you see that?
This is what we gave you for January.
These are all the things we saw back in September, October, and November.
Then I said they were going to invade Iran again.
Look, that was what the bomber was.
And they did it.
Look at the oil wells burning.
I said the oil wells will burn.
It's all glory to God.
People ask me all the time, "Brandon, have you missed it before?
" Yes, I have.
I've missed it, and I'm learning just like everybody else.
You go through life and you learn through trial and error.
Some lessons are harder than others, but that's how you learn.
When you stumble and fall, you pick yourself up and keep walking.
Do you remember the blood moons back in 2015?
That was a time of learning.
Look at this.
May 27.
This is the new Passion of the Christ.
The Lord said he was going to use this film to bring in a great harvest.
That's exciting.
This is what we've been praying for.
Mel Gibson.
Is that the Jesus?
I think so.
It looks kind of like Jim Caviezel, doesn't he?
I hope he's a good Jesus.
We saw great revivals.
We were praying for the theaters and for Mel Gibson to keep accurate with the Word.
We saw a great revival coming forth out of theaters.
I saw people stationed in theaters who went to all of them with tracts to witness to the people as they were crying.
They were able to be reached.
I saw people who spent their whole day there handing out tracts to the ones who needed Jesus.
Some of the theaters didn't say anything because they bought a ticket and just went out.
The church stationed people at these theaters to bring in the harvest.
I believe it will be a huge box office hit.
Moving on, I was praying for this pastor in California.
The Lord showed us a man that God was going to use on the West Coast to be a place of revival like Azusa Street.
The Lord said He's going to do something very different at this man's church.
He has a gray beard.
Braden found him because of the comments saying, "This is who he is.
" His name is Joe Sweet.
I'm sorry if I butcher your name, sir, but the Lord was showing us about this pastor in California and that he will have Shekinah worship.
That's what we saw also.
Then concerning John Kilpatrick and finances, those were the highlights.
I know I probably already went an hour of it, so we'll just stop now.
It's pretty close to an hour.
I saw a major revival coming to this church; it would come out of prayer and it would shake the area.
It would shake California.
And the Lord said, "You've asked me, Brandon, about the West Coast...
" You've asked me about pastors on the West Coast.
And he said, "I'm going to use this man.
" I'm not familiar with his ministry.
I don't even know if he preaches the Word of Faith or whatever he preaches.
I believe if the Lord tells me about him, obviously he's going to be a man of integrity and he's going to walk with the glory because that's what it takes.
I just tell you what I see.
You say, "Well, I don't like him.
" I don't care what you like.
I'm telling you what the Lord said.
Whatever.
I know that the Lord's going to use this man.
That's what the Lord told me and that's what I stand by when I hear something like that.
But I was not seeing Bethel.
People say, "What about Bethel?
" I haven't seen Bethel.
I've seen some things about Bethel, but I keep that to myself.
I just pray over them.
I'm not here to be a spiritual police.
I'm here to tell you what the Lord tells me to say, and I walk away from it.
All right, let's take communion and pray.
I'm not picking any congregation.
I have to be careful because I don't want to grieve the Holy Spirit or I'll get in trouble.
I'm not picking on anybody.
The Lord just said specifically: "This man with the gray beard.
" Know that I'm not picking on churches because I'd have to repent and come back here and tell you I got corrected.
That's not my job.
The Lord didn't tell me to do that.
If he tells me, I'm always bold about it, but I do it in a way that is not rude.
You can correct without having to be rude like that.
I watch certain people and I see—it doesn't matter.
Father, I thank you for the body.
I thank you that we're always in the right place at the right time doing what you've asked us to do.
I'm so grateful, Father, that you've called us to the kingdom for such a time as this.
We're healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
There's an expiration date to everything we've been believing for.
It's time to believe God for bigger.
Lord, I didn't obey you, did I?
I saw this.
Give me a couple more minutes.
Let's take communion and I'm going to tell you what I saw.
He told me to tell you about this angel.
I take this body in the name of Jesus, and we lift it up before you.
We thank you, Lord, that we are healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
We give you glory, honor, and praise in the mighty name of Jesus.
By your stripes, Lord, we are healed, and we take this body right now in Jesus' name.
Now we take the blood.
We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
Forgive us of our sins and any open doors, whatever it may be, Lord.
We cover it in the blood, and we thank you, Lord, that it never loses its power.
Great is your faithfulness to us, Lord, as we yield to you, Holy Spirit.
We thank you that we are uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We apply the blood of Jesus over this atmosphere.
We thank you, Lord, for the angels of the Lord camped around and about us.
We apply the blood in Jesus' name.
We fear God and not man.
Amen and amen.
I thank you, Lord.
I hear your voice, and a stranger's voice I will not follow.
We will not follow.
I apply the blood of Jesus and thank you, Lord, for the blood.
It covers me from the top of my head to the soles of my feet.
The blood of Jesus covers me in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
Do you believe that?
If he wants to show us anything, we'll see it uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Praise the Lord.
I'm going to get to this real quick.
The Lord said the black onyx is connected to the angel.
Do you remember I told you I was in a group with the man with no face?
An angel walked up to me and I wanted to tell people about this investment, but the angel put his hands on my lips.
He had the most beautiful blue eyes and he said, "They're not dead; they can't hear it.
They're not dead.
They can't hear it.
" Until they're dead to self, they won't have ears to hear what the Spirit is saying.
I said, "I want to tell the people.
I want to tell them so bad.
They need to know what's coming.
" I was outside and it was cold.
I could see the mulberry bush, and there were red mulberries all over the bush.
The angel said, "Pay attention to when the berries turn the deepest red.
This is a sign for you.
" I went over to an Aston Martin—which I don't have, but I went over to this car and I believe it's symbolic for something—and I breathed on the glass and I wrote the name of this company.
I was going to do it with my finger, but I'm not going to do it.
The angel said, "Hush now.
They're not dead.
They can't see it.
" I said, "But I want—" I was transparent.
They couldn't see me.
I was dead.
I thought, "Man, they can't see me.
I'm yelling as loud as I can and I'm even trying to write it on the glass," and they said they can't see it.
Then I went inside and I was having a big Christmas party.
My wife was in a white kitchen.
She was getting the refreshments and things for everybody.
The kitchen was a beautiful white, glowing with purity.
There were white countertops, white shelves, white everything.
The white lights were so bright when she came out, it was blinding.
There was a massive TV that was playing the news and the stocks.
Outside the window, I could see snow falling and I could see the blue car down below.
I saw all these people so excited about certain investments that had happened and matured.
They were dressed in big Cosby sweaters.
You know those big, nice 80s Cosby sweaters?
They had beautiful sweaters on with all kinds of colors.
They were puffy and beautiful.
They were celebrating and so excited.
I was yelling, "You don't know what's coming!
There's a storm coming!
You don't know what's coming!
" But they couldn't hear me.
I ran over to a pot that was in front of me.
The pot was tempered; it had dings all over it and was distressed.
I breathed on the pot and I wrote into the pot.
My wife came out and she said, "I see it!
I see it!
" But by the time she said she saw it, everybody else saw it.
But it was too late.
They were looking at the screen, and the stock market crashed.
One of the largest crashes in American history happens.
It goes to the 1930s in just a matter of seconds.
They were standing on a rug, and the rug was pulled out from underneath them.
They were so excited for what they had, but they didn't know what was coming.
There was something so much more.
As I was driving today, the Lord said, "There are certain things that you can only say in code, because those that have ears to hear will hear, and it will confirm to them what they're supposed to hear.
But the rest of them cannot handle it.
You'll be held accountable for the ones that can't handle it if it destroys their lives.
" That's what he said to me today.
He said, "You'll be held accountable in the spirit realm for it.
What is it to gain the whole world and lose your soul?
" That's what he said.
So, I've meditated on what things I can say and what I can't, based on what I believe the Lord has said to me.
What is it to gain the whole world and lose your soul?
Some people can't handle it.
They'll never be able to handle it because they aren't "dead" yet.
Where they're dead, it will not destroy them because they're already dead.
A dead man tells no tales.
A dead man—like it was—that's Johnny Depp, right?
A dead man doesn't have emotions.
He's dead.
It's like Billy Burke told me.
He said, 'Brandon, you could scream at a coffin and none of them are ever moved by it because as dead as they are, they don't care because they're not there.
' And Kathryn Kuhlman was dead.
People were talking so much smack about her.
He said, 'I was in a mall and there were these bullies and they were just ridiculing her.
' Billy wanted to fight because he was so upset because these guys were saying stuff.
He said, 'Ms.
Kuhlman, do you not hear what they're saying?
' She said, 'Oh, Billy, there are so many things that I learned from the elders like that.
No matter what somebody says about you, no matter what they're going to say, if they hate you now, they're really going to hate you in the future.
The Lord already said they are going to hate you for what I'm about to do with you.
They're going to hate you.
I'll make you worth billions and they're going to hate you.
Are you willing to take it?
I'm going to make you a billionaire through some of the things that I teach you.
' And folks, he's already made me blessed.
I invest and do exactly what he's asked me to do.
I took $10,000 and made it into a bunch because I listen to him.
So don't hate me whenever you see that I'm blessed, because I've taken the time to listen to him.
I ask nothing from any of you.
Never have I ever asked for a dime.
Never have I solicited you for money.
Ever.
But know when these investments mature, know they're coming.
Know this: the Rolls-Royce that I buy, you didn't pay for.
The Rolexes that I buy, you never paid for.
So when it takes place, don't hate me for it because you didn't buy it.
I listen to the voice of the Lord and I do what he asks me to do.
The angel said, 'Many of you can't handle it.
' So I am only allowed to say what I'm allowed to say because it's all in my opinion.
I'm not a financial adviser, but he that has ears to hear will hear it.
You can't get mad at people's gain of what they've done when they buy XRP at 11 cents or other currencies at 5 cents and they went up to well over $3.
And the Lord says, 'Sell when they go up, then I want you to buy it again.
' Do you know how many times I've done that?
You don't because it's none of your business.
But I've done it, and the Lord has blessed me.
People get mad about that.
If you hear God, he'll tell you yourself, but you have wax in your ears so bad spiritually that he can't trust you with it because it will destroy you.
And some of you are occultic.
You're straight up from the devil.
He'll never tell you the secret things because your heart's full of poison.
But I'm going to tell you, God will show you the secret things too, and it will confound the wise.
He wants it to be that you're the next Warren Buffett, the next Elon Musk.
When I told you Satan came to me and he filled my house with this false light—it was gray—and he spoke to me.
Satan spoke to me and he said, 'If you serve me with that gift, if you serve me with how you see, I'll make you worth billions.
' He said, 'All you have to do is bow your knee to me and give your soul over to me, and I will make you very rich.
' I'll never forget it.
He had the most flowing, beautiful hair I've ever seen.
He was beautiful, but his eyes were as black as onyx.
He made me scared the moment he filled my house with this.
He came as an angel of light.
He said, 'You worship me.
' I said, 'No.
' And the more I kept praying in the Holy Spirit, he just sat there and laughed at me.
Do you remember Thriller with Michael Jackson at the end?
He goes, 'Ha!
' That's the way the devil was laughing at me.
And I kept praying and I said, 'Get out of my house in the name of Jesus.
' But I was so scared because he was standing at the foot of my bed and I kept elbowing Diana, 'Please pray.
Please pray.
' I left a bruise on her body and she never woke up.
I said, 'Get up.
Pray.
' I was trembling under the fear as the devil was sitting there laughing at me.
I kept praying and the Lord said, 'Pray in the spirit.
' So I started praying in tongues.
And I said, 'In the name of Jesus, get out of my house.
' The moment I did that, the light turned off and he disappeared.
Diana woke up.
She said, 'What's wrong with you?
' I said, 'The devil was in my house.
' She goes, 'Tell him to go get out of the house and go back to bed, Brandon.
' I don't think it really registered with her that he was really there, but she didn't care either way.
I told her the next day and she goes, 'Bren, I've got a bruise on my leg.
' I said, 'I'm so sorry.
I was so freaked out.
' He came back right before YouTube to challenge the word and I knew it was him again.
He spoke really loud.
He didn't manifest, so I couldn't see him.
I said, 'Are you coming back to offer me something else?
' He goes, 'I don't give second chances.
Once you deny me once, I'll never offer it to you again.
I've come to challenge the word.
' I started to talk back and the Lord said, 'Don't entertain him.
Tell him to go now.
' He yelled loud.
The Father yelled audibly.
It shook me.
He said, 'Don't entertain him.
Tell him to go now.
' I did my job.
I went and got anointing oil.
I was cleaning my dog when he appeared.
There's only been one other time that he did that.
But this time he was ticked off.
It was at the beginning of the year.
I tell you all that because I know where we are in the signs of the times of the coming Lord Jesus Christ.
My wife asked me today, 'Brandon, where are we?
What do you think's coming next?
' And I said, 'If I could just give you the cliff notes of what I feel inside, we're about to see some kind of shaking event.
We're about to see a major shaking event that will bring forth the great domino to bring forth the great revival.
' There's a major something.
I can feel it.
We're about to have something major happen—an earthquake or this alien thing that they're all talking about.
Something major is about to take place that will shake the church out of the slumber that they're in.
And if it happens the way I see it, we're out of here by 2028.
That's what I'm praying about.
I'm just being real with y'all, giving you a cliff notes version.
We have about two years going into the next Shemitah cycle.
If we see the revival this summer, if we start to see a major event take place and when I talk to Brother Hagin and the Lord allowed me to, he told me the revival will last for two years.
I just believe the next Shemitah cycle we're talking about with Jonathan Cahn during the harbingers will be in the 2028-2029 time period.
I believe a plague could happen, a shaking to awaken.
The devil came up with a plan and I saw him around the table with all these principalities, and they were talking about how to disrupt and stop the revival that is about to happen on the earth.
What do we do?
What's our strategy against it?
I saw them coming up with a plan to try to bring forth another kind of virus to try to disrupt it, to bring forth this alien thing.
There are all kinds of things to try to derail what God is about to do with AI because you won't know what you're watching.
Is this real?
When we see that lady's arm grow out or her get up from the dead, you know, that's just AI.
AI just came out of nowhere, didn't it?
What is AI's intention: to try to get you not to acknowledge the miracles and question them?
Is this God?
Is this the Holy Spirit?
Or is this AI?
For what's about to take place, there's a major disruption coming to try to discredit the miracles.
And I said, 'Doesn't that bother you, Lord?
' Blessed are those that have not seen and yet still believe.
Braden, blessed are those that have not seen and yet still believe.
He's not shaken by it.
But the finances are going to be for the outpouring.
That's what I try to explain to the people all the time.
You don't understand how much it costs just to have a church of 10,000.
The electric bill of that building that we used to go to was like $17,000 a month for electric.
And people get all hung up on that and they go, 'Are you kidding me?
' The water bill was thousands just to flush all those toilets.
To keep a building cold in the South in July, it costs bucks to run an air conditioner.
And people get all hung up on stuff like that.
But I'm trying to tell you, the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous.
And if God can trust you with little, he'll make you ruler over much.
But he wants to show off in his kids that he's good.
The devil does it all the time.
You've got Rihannas, you've got Billie Eilish, you've got all these major pop stars that give their souls over to the devil and he blesses them with finances like he tried to do to me and say, 'Listen, I'll do this if you do this.
' Everything comes with a price.
And God's sitting back watching it, but the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous.
He owns the cattle on a thousand hills.
His streets are paved with gold.
He's making mansions up there.
He's got all this stuff going on.
And yet the body of Christ rejects all of it, and they go, 'Well, you know, it's easier for a rich man to enter into the eye of a needle than for him to...
' I'm butchering that scripture.
It's easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of God.
And so, you just reject everything.
But it takes boldness.
And that's whenever I'm telling you, he said he'll make billionaires in the days ahead.
People, there you go.
Thank you, son.
He found it for me.
Matthew 19:24.
'And again I say to you, it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of God.
' He didn't say it was impossible; he said it was easier.
Because money controls people.
And I've seen it.
It's the gold, the glory, and the girls that usually take down big ministers.
The gold, the glory, and the girls.
God's not going to share his glory with you, and he isn't going to touch the money.
That's why he said to go on YouTube.
Don't ask them for anything.
Don't solicit or have commercials or do anything like the advertisements I hear.
'Well, you know, we want to sell you this gold.
' Do you know how much they've offered me to offer certain investments on this?
Over $100,000 a month.
I'm not kidding you.
Huge book deals.
Huge deals.
A hundred grand a month.
Some companies have offered me to do this on all my channels.
I don't know very many of you that would turn that down, but I have.
There's no advertisement for any kind of anything in here.
I get a lot of views, seven channels, and they offer me $100,000 a month, and I've never taken it.
Book deals, they're worth millions, and I have not taken them.
And you go, 'What are you going to do with it?
' I sit there and I go, 'Wait, I'm already blessed through the ad revenue and the Lord's taking care of us.
' But I look at Diana's job doing her accounting stuff and people, you wouldn't believe it.
After I brought it up the first time, I had huge corporate sponsors coming and asking her to do their books.
Big business people wanting her to do their books.
My God, we didn't know Diana had her degree and they're offering her big bucks.
'Why don't you come over here and do our stuff?
' Big business people from South Korea.
You wouldn't believe the people that try to reach out to my wife and me now.
Big business people.
And you just go...
I've had people fly in on jets say, 'Listen, we'll pay you $50,000 for a day.
' And I say, 'No, no.
' But people don't want to hear it and they get mad whenever you have as much following as what we have.
And I just keep going.
Braden, is everything okay?
All right.
So, I just try to be real with you where we are in the end times.
Instead of fortune tellers, people try to come to prophetic voices and pay them off.
They think it's for sale.
And it's incredible to me.
It really is.
You've got people coming from all around the world that don't understand the prophetic.
They don't understand this, that I've already told you I don't feel like I'm a prophet.
I just feel like I watch and they said, 'We don't care.
We want to be a part of it.
Tell us how.
' It's not for sale.
So, it is what it is.
You'll never understand it until you walk in it, until you start experiencing the hype of the world.
Because I've got celebrities watching me, big celebrities, big politicians, and I didn't realize it until they emailed.
And you go, 'Wow, would you sponsor my campaign?
Will you do this for my campaign?
' No.
I don't know anything about that.
'Give me a plug.
' 'What's a plug?
' 'Okay.
What do you want me to do?
' 'I want you to say something for me.
' 'What is that?
' 'Well, we'll pay you.
We'll do this.
I'll help you.
Can we go on your show and talk?
' No.
Why do you want to talk on my show?
What does that mean?
I just keep it...
it's not mine.
I just do this for the Lord.
As I told Diana, I could turn it all off tomorrow and I could care less.
I did this.
I was blessed before.
The Lord told me how to find stuff off eBay and we find Chanel all the time and flip it.
You can do eBay.
People don't understand you can make $1,000 a day easily on eBay like it's nothing.
1,500 bucks a day, $2,000 a day on eBay.
And people don't understand that because you're not doing it right.
And people get mad about that.
I go, that's how silly some of you are, because God gives you power to get wealth.
Does that make sense what I'm saying?
Maybe it doesn't to some of you, but I just do me.
People thought I was exaggerating and I said, 'You all have no idea.
' It is what it is, though.
So, that's part of that.
But I was telling you about the angel, and that's what the Lord told me to tell you about.
He will show you that which is to come, the secret things.
Show them the scripture, the secret things and the hidden riches.
I will give you—this is Isaiah 45:3.
Grab onto this.
'I will give you the treasures of darkness and the hidden riches of secret places that you may know that I, the Lord, who call you by your name, am the God of Israel.
I will give you the treasures of darkness and the hidden riches of secret places that you may know that I, the Lord, who call you by your name, am the God of Israel.
' Grab a hold of that and use it and put that in your Holy Ghost gun.
Load it with something good.
So, we already took communion.
We can pray a little bit, but we can end it there.
But I just thought I would tell you all that stuff because I feel like there's a lot of you that needs to know where we are in these end times and what we're about to see there in the next couple of months.
What is a shifting with the signs of the times going into the fall?
There's a major something about to take place.
And if we see the revival start to kick off this year before this next Shmita cycle of 2028 or 2029?
I believe so.
You know we're getting really close.
I keep telling my wife, we keep talking in the house, 'Brandon, do you think we'll go past 2030?
' I can't see past 2028.
I keep getting glimpses, and I don't know if I'm looking into the tribulation or not.
I don't know, but I don't think we will go past this timeframe.
I really believe the rapture of the church is coming sooner than later.
So if we're still here, we're still here, but I have a goal of what I'm believing God for.
I'm looking for something.
So if we're here past September 20th of 2028, then whatever; we keep occupying until He comes.
But at least you know Brandon's date of what I'm believing for.
I'm believing for that date right there: September 20th, 2028.
That's the date Brandon Biggs is looking for.
So that's what I'm praying for right now.
September 20th, 2028.
Will we see it?
I hope so.
If we don't, we keep going.
Isn't that right, son?
The Shmita year ran from September 2020 to 2022.
It would go into 2029, but 2028 to 2029 is the beginning of the Shmita year.
See, did you show them that?
Oh, God, please come.
Wouldn't that be so cool?
So maybe it would be at the end of it.
I haven't talked to Sister Billie about that.
Maybe it's September 9th of 2029, but either way, we're in the timeframe because it will start with a seven-year period.
She always talks about Daniel's 70th week—the seven-year tribulation starts at the beginning of a Shmita cycle.
So Sister Billie always tells us if it doesn't happen at the beginning of a Shmita cycle at this timeframe, we have a seven-year period again.
So if we don't see it during this timeframe, we have seven more years.
That's what she teaches, and she's pretty knowledgeable.
So people say, 'I don't want to hear that.
' Seven years on top of that would be 2036, right?
So we'll see.
I don't think we'll be here until 2036, but could we see it during this?
Good.
All right.
How long have we been doing this?
An hour and 30 minutes.
Let's just pray.
We don't have to go deeply, but we can pray over stuff.
But at least I can tell you about what I'm praying for and where I believe we are, in my opinion.
And Father, we just pray over our president tonight.
We pray over everything that he puts his hands to, Father, that it will prosper in this nation.
Father, we thank You, Lord, that his wife and his marriage is good.
And Father, I pray over his kids.
The angels of the Lord are camped around and about him: over Don Jr.
, Eric, Tiffany, and Barron.
I got them all.
And Father, I cover them right now in the name of Jesus from the north, the south, the east, and the west.
I thank You, Father, for Your angels.
I thank You, Father, for the blood.
I thank You, Father, that it never loses its power.
We apply the blood of Jesus and the name of Jesus over us and over his family.
And we thank You, Lord, for Your angels that protect them.
I thank You, Father, that the angels are protecting his family, that they're always in the right place at the right time, covered all around them, Father, that he takes no counsel from the ungodly concerning Cuba and Iran and the decision he's about to make concerning America.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that the blood of Jesus Christ covers him from the top of his head to the soles of his feet, and that Antichrist spirit that tries to come on him is not going to come on him.
We cover him in the blood.
We surround him in the blood.
We thank You, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are camped around and about him in the name of Jesus.
Great is Your faithfulness in the name of Jesus over us concerning America.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for Your angels.
I thank You, Lord, that You give them charge over us.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that President Trump will live long and finish strong.
There'll be no coups.
There'll be no nothing.
I thank You, Lord, that we win the Red Wave as we see Ilhan Omar in Minnesota go down, that You said the bees would come up from the ground.
And Father, we see the corruption in Minnesota being uncovered in the name of Jesus.
We thank You, Lord, for the angels of the Lord that are all around them, that they are covering every one of the FBI, the CIA, and Homeland Security over this.
That Minnesota would be uncovered—every dark, evil thing—and that Mike Lindell would rise up and be that new governor.
I thank You, Father, for God-fearing men and women running for office in November, that the angels of the Lord are camped around and about it.
I thank You, Father.
Father, we'll see the greatest Red Wave this world has ever seen before.
We'll see the greatest wave over California, that California would say, 'I've had enough.
' And that, Father, the major move of God would flow over California, and that You would use Joe, and that there would be a major move all over California and that the Spirit of the Lord would be known again in Hollywood.
Thank You, Jesus, for the angels camped around and about him.
And we're so grateful, Father, that every single one of them comes to the Son.
And they'll be the loudest voice for You.
And when this great deception tries to take place over our nation, Father, Your angels are covering it.
And Father, Your Holy Spirit would convict the hearts as the people would hear this falseness; they would be able to discern and know the truth from the fake in the name of Jesus.
I thank You, Father.
They'll be able to see it.
They'll know that this is an alien, false, demon deception, and they're going to see it and know immediately this is bad, and they'll run in Jesus' name.
Father, I thank You.
Your Bible says as the days of Noah.
Father, I thank You, there's a lot more getting on the boat than just the few that got on the boat: Noah and his sons and their wives.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You're raising up a generation that is on fire for You, and they keep their eyes on You.
And Father, when we seek You, we'll find You.
I thank You, Father, that the angels are camped around and about every household here tonight, and that Father, You raise up a standard against the devil.
When the enemy comes in, Father, that we would be that salt in the marketplace—in the Dillards, the Walmarts, and the Targets—wherever they go.
I thank You, Father, that we would be the light and that people would see and know that God is a good God.
Father, we are that voice in the darkness.
Every single one of us, You would see it on our faces, the light would shine so bright on us that people would know there's something different about them now.
Father, I thank You for every pastor, every evangelist, that You'd give them a boldness in this season like they've never had before.
A boldness to walk in the supernatural, a boldness to speak what You tell them to speak without shying back and saying false things, Father.
But they'll rise up and be that backbone like a crowbar.
They'll not preach a lukewarm gospel; they'll preach an on-fire gospel.
When I talk about the devil, I hate him because he comes against...
I don't want his manifested presence.
You start to feel it trying to come against you, especially when you're praying.
I bring it up so you all know how real things truly are in the spirit realm.
People don't understand how real it truly is because they've never experienced it.
But the angelic side and the heavenly host side is more real, with them fighting for us than the devil coming against us.
But you have to yield to the Holy Spirit and allow Him to flow through you.
He's a gentleman and an ever-present help in a time of need.
Thank you, Father.
He'll station pillars.
I see stationed pillars all throughout states.
It looks similar to a number two pencil with a light on it.
And it's one of those lights that spin like a beacon, but I see it blue.
And each one has a pencil in strategic cities and is greatly to be praised.
I sing glory to Your name.
There'll be certain giftings that each one of you will carry.
Some of you will carry something that has never been seen before.
I see separate giftings—this is interesting.
One has a gifting and they have blue jeans on, big bell-bottom blue jeans, and I see a light on this individual with giftings that we've never seen before.
He's about to do something that has never been seen before, like it was with Kathryn Kuhlman and Jack Coe and all of them.
What's about to happen is the giftings of those mantles that have been unwrapped like a present, that have been cultivated year after year under the refiner's fire.
And He's presenting these giftings to the world.
There'll be mantles and giftings that there will be nothing you can compare them to.
Some of them are gifts of song, some of them are gifts of music—worship that is heavenly that has never been displayed in the earth before.
Creative songs and creative worship music will come forth out of the people with these bell-bottom pants.
Heavenly worship, heavenly songs.
I see they are young people; they look about 21 to 23 years old.
And there's a girl with an acoustic guitar.
It's like that Lily Braden out of Australia—it's like a blonde girl.
And I see it again: new heavenly sounds will come forth.
Mantles of music, different flows of worship like we've never heard before.
Heavenly sounds, heavenly worship.
Worship will bring the manifested presence into the service.
He said, 'Behold, I'm going to do a new thing.
Don't have a preconceived idea of how I've done it in the past to try to think I'm going to do it the same way in the future.
Expand your sights.
Expand your ability to believe Me for something bigger and greater.
For the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
' He is the Lord of the harvest.
He is the Lord of the harvest.
That's what it's about.
And what you're about to see is something you've never seen before—worship and music played that will be heavenly sounding.
You'll say, 'What are you talking about, Brandon?
' Notes, the way the instruments flow together.
We know how to play certain chords on a guitar or on the piano and it sounds good, but it will be the way it's put together and how the notes flow together.
Haven't we heard it all?
I don't know.
What I'm hearing is heavenly sounds.
I remember Kim Clement singing certain notes.
He would go, 'Sing it again.
' And there was a certain note when he would do certain music and he would sing that certain note over and over because it would bring a manifestation of the glory of the prophetic on his ministry when he would hear certain notes.
And what I'm seeing right there is certain notes, kind of like how people hit the bells and you say, 'Well, the bell brings a certain pitch.
' Cast out these old bells; there's certain frequencies that are heavenly, bringing forth the glory that the Lord will use in the days ahead—different heavenly sounds.
People understand pitch.
Satan was over the music; it's sounds that bring forth glory when you're worshiping Him.
We give praises to Your name.
New songs.
People sing it all the time, 'Oh Lord, praises to Your name.
' There's going to be a new kind of sound for greater manifestations of the glory.
Does that make sense?
Coming up higher.
Braden, I'm talking to you.
Yeah.
Creative ideas for the wealth transfer.
You might be the best pie maker that ever walked the face of the earth, and God gave you a certain recipe and you mass-produce these new pies and you go, 'Well, I'm the next Betty Crocker.
' And God gave you an idea.
And you go, 'I made something better than Krispy Kreme ever thought about being.
' Seeing people walk in supernatural giftings.
Don't despise what God's called you to do.
You might be the best writer and write the best book, a number one bestseller.
You have time.
Write the book.
Listen to the spirit of the Lord and what He's told you to do.
Whatever He does, He'll put His super on your natural for healings and manifestations of the glory.
I'm expecting—I don't want to just see healings; we've seen that.
Creative miracles.
Where there was no arm, there'll be an arm.
Where there were no teeth, there'll be teeth.
Where there were no eyes, they'll grow back.
Things that the world cannot explain.
Healings—they try to take...
okay, whatever.
But you won't be able to discredit an arm growing out when it was diagnosed that you're physically handicapped and you've got the paperwork and you say, 'Look, it even says by the state that I can get disability and my arm's back.
' It grew back.
Look what the Lord has done.
When things start to manifest and there's no way in the natural for science to ever do it, all we can do is stop and give God glory for it.
Watch what He's about to do.
Unusual things are about to break through.
You know, Billy Burke, my friend, says that sometimes in his services, women's breasts will grow back.
They had cancer and they had them removed, and their breast tissue comes back and they get brand new breasts.
Why not see more?
What the cankerworm ate and did for bad...
what the devil meant for bad, God turns it and restores it back even better.
Where they removed your uterus by a hysterectomy and you've got a brand new one.
Where the kidney was gone and then you go back and you have an X-ray and the kidney is there.
Where the liver was messed up and you got a brand new liver.
Where you say, 'My thyroid was so messed up and it was taken out,' and God gives you a brand new thyroid.
Why not now?
I believe we're in the season where we're going to see signs in the heavens like we've never seen before.
Signs and manifestations of the glory where you're going to know that God's been there, where your crops live and everyone else's die, and you've got the most bountiful fruit crop and everybody's going, 'How did that happen?
' Everybody else's trees froze, but yours are alive, and they're not only alive, they're the size of baseballs.
You say, 'It's just Jesus.
' And you sell it to them or give it away or whatever God tells you to do.
But it could be for bringing in the gospel to pay for the church building or whatever.
It's like the red zone at our church.
We're believing for the youth building and they're raising the money for it.
Why do we have to have chicken fries and things to try to raise money for youth buildings?
You say the money should be there.
Well, we have a state-of-the-art youth building.
Why?
Because the Lord said, 'I'm going to do something different with the youth.
' The devil came after the youth hard, but I'm coming after the youth harder, Brandon.
I see churches in Colombia, Cuba, Colombia, wherever.
I believe, Father.
Thank you, Father.
If you did it once, you'll do it again.
If you did it with Lester Sumrall, you'll do it again.
If you did it with Kathryn Kuhlman, you'll do it again.
But Father, this time it's the finale.
As I was looking at those pillars of light, those pillars of churches—these are pillars of places of refuge.
These are pillars of places of refuge that are coming.
People are coming where the light is flickering.
This light is turning.
The light is turning.
And people are going to come to these places.
Father, we're so grateful.
We're so thankful, Father, for the Clarity Act to be passed in the name of Jesus before the first.
We call the Clarity Act passed in the name of Jesus, Father.
No more blockages.
No more blockages, Father, so that the wealth transfer will begin.
We call it in Jesus' name.
We call for the Clarity Act to pass, the Save America Act to pass, and for the corruption in Minnesota and California to be uncovered in Jesus' name.
Father, liberate Cuba.
There will be a great revival all throughout Cuba in Jesus' name.
We call it in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Father.
We thank you, Lord, for the healing power that flows on the inside of us.
We thank you, Lord, that every single person that is believing for creative miracles in their body, healing flows in their body in Jesus' name.
Deliverance flows in their body in Jesus' name.
The Greater One flows in their body, drying up cancer.
We call cancer to be dissolved and gone in Jesus' name.
I see this happening right now.
Cancer of the blood, leukemias, being dissolved right now in Jesus' name.
Cancer of the blood going right now in the name of Jesus.
We believe, we receive healing.
I believe it.
We call for healing, wholeness, and wellness.
Thank you, Lord.
It's of the uterus.
It's of the female organs.
It's tumors like cysts.
We call for healing, wholeness, and wellness over that.
It's very painful, almost like polyps.
The way I hear it is like a polyp.
I hear this word, HPV.
Don't look it up, Brandon.
I think it's something gross.
I don't know what this is.
It's something to do with the female body.
You have to keep your innocence.
I don't know what this is.
And I'm not trying to be disrespectful if you have it.
I just don't want my son Googling things.
I hear this word, HPV.
It's not for my son to look up.
I hear something about bumps.
It's something to do with the inside of the woman's body.
I see it on the inside of the vagina.
And the Lord wants to dissolve these bumps.
I know this is something to do with the uterus.
I hear 'HPV' and the Lord said, 'I'm dissolving this.
' It's like Holy Ghost fire dissolving this out of the woman's body right now.
You have this; I believe it's sexually transmitted.
And the Lord says you're being healed of this HPV stuff right now.
Whatever this is, it's something to do with your female organs.
Father, I thank you for healing HPV right now in Jesus' name.
I see an African American woman that is overcoming this.
I see these women.
The Lord is touching you.
And if you're white or Hispanic, whoever—I'm not trying to limit this, but I'm seeing a person specifically who has had this and it is embarrassing and painful to you.
Be free in the name of Jesus.
Fire of the Holy Ghost, drive that out.
Fire of the Holy Ghost, heal this body in Jesus' name.
Be healed in Jesus' name.
Fire of the Holy Ghost, drive it out.
Get it all out of there.
Clean it up.
Healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus today.
Hallelujah.
This is for milk ducts in a woman that are clogged.
Mastitis.
It's something just painful.
Fever in the breast.
Healed and whole and well.
It's like an infection from breastfeeding.
Healed and whole and well in that body right now in Jesus' name.
The ducts have fever.
It's painful.
Healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
Touch them, Father.
No more pain.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
You're such a good God.
You love people; you want them to be free.
Thank you, Father.
I see eggs in a nest that are white with red dots on them.
I see it by these cattails.
There is a nest that looks like a bird's nest; it is something symbolic.
It's at a pond, at a water's edge.
There are four eggs.
They're white with red polka dots on them.
These white eggs with red dots are huge, like ostrich eggs.
It's symbolic of something.
I see it next to the cattails—the ones that grow by a pond, a river, or a lake where the shoreline would be curved.
There are these with the brown heads on them.
A python is coming to eat those eggs today.
You see this big anaconda-looking snake trying to eat these people's eggs.
It's time for you to believe God for bigger.
The devourer has been rebuked concerning these eggs.
What is it about these eggs?
Somebody knows what I'm talking about.
It's speaking to you, though it sounds so weird.
But I'm just telling you what I see concerning these eggs.
It's something to do with your pond.
Four eggs.
You've either seen this in a vision before or in a dream.
Breakthrough, breakthrough, breakthrough.
There's financial breakthrough.
The Lord just said there's financial breakthrough.
He wants you to understand the blessing that you're walking through.
Many of you have been struggling, and you're not going to struggle anymore.
There's financial breakthrough coming for you.
I see you walking through this place of great provision where the devourer has been rebuked.
You're going to start to walk in great provision.
There's going to be blessing on the right and blessing on the left, and it will seem like it's overtaking you.
When you get to the other side, I see so much surplus you won't know what to do with it all because it's all around your feet.
The blessing is coming up on you as it's being brought.
You know how you have a net?
A dredge is coming up beside both of you, and you're walking through this place of great green grass.
This gathering of the wealth from both the right and the left will come up and overtake you.
And when you get to the place where the path ends, you'll look around you and there'll be no lack.
There'll be so much you'll have to distribute all around.
There'll be distribution all around, a distribution center.
And there are gold beads; gold by day.
There's gold that looks like corn kernels for the supply.
For the Lord said, 'For he takes pleasure in the prosperity of his servants.
' I take pleasure in it, Brandon.
That's what he said.
'I take pleasure in the...
find it, Brandon.
I take pleasure, for he takes pleasure in the prosperity of his servants.
' That's what the Lord said.
Thank you, Lord.
It's time for the abundance; it's time for the wealth transfer.
We're calling it out.
Psalm 35:27: 'Let them shout for joy and be glad that favor my righteous cause.
Yea, let them say continually, "Let the Lord be magnified, which hath pleasure in the prosperity of his servant.
"' Let the Lord be magnified, which hath pleasure in the prosperity of his servants.
Let them shout for joy.
So what are we going to do?
We're going to shout for joy and be glad that favor my righteous cause.
Yea, let them say continually, 'Let the Lord be magnified, which hath pleasure in the prosperity of his servants.
' Look at the wealth of the sinners laid up for the righteous.
O Lord, praises to your name, O Lord.
For Proverbs 13:22, 'A good man leaveth an inheritance to his children's children, and the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the just.
' That's what's about to happen: to have an inheritance for your children's children's children.
What's interesting is we won't have to worry about that because we're out of time.
Jesus is coming.
Isn't that amazing?
We're a generation that won't taste death.
Doesn't mean we can't bless our kids.
Proverbs 13:22, a good man—write it down—leaveth an inheritance to his children's children, and the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the just.
Either you believe it or you don't.
Thank you, Lord, that we've got Bill Gates; all his corrupt money is coming over to the body of Christ.
All the corrupt money of Warren Buffett and all the corrupt money of Jeff Bezos and the corrupt money of George Soros—all of them.
The wealth of the sinner is laid up for the just.
A good man leaves an inheritance to his children's children, and the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the just.
Either you believe it or you don't.
The Lord takes pleasure.
Psalm 35:27: 'Let them shout for joy and be glad that favor his righteous cause.
Yea, let them say continually, "Let the Lord be magnified, which hath pleasure in the prosperity of his servant.
"' Some of you didn't even know that was in the Word.
That's why it doesn't pay to be ignorant of what God says about it.
Either you believe in his covenant rights or you don't.
You can either grab onto poverty or you can grab onto what he says gives him pleasure.
What is it?
A good man leaves an inheritance to his children's children, and the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the just.
So how are you going to leave a blessing for your children's children if you're broke?
If you say, 'Well, Brandon, are you leaving prosperity gospel?
' Yes, but I don't believe in hoarding it up.
I believe in giving it out and helping people.
I'm not going to grab onto poverty.
If you want to grab onto it, fine.
But God doesn't even want it.
In Proverbs, two of them right there: 'Beloved, I wish above all things that thou mayest prosper and be in health even as your soul prospers.
' You go, 'I don't want it.
' Well, then be broke then.
3 John 1:2: 'Beloved, I wish above all things that thou mayest prosper and be in health even as your soul prospers.
' So grab ahold of the prosperity or grab ahold of the poverty; that's your choice.
He wants you to have more than enough.
And either you believe it or you don't.
Out of the mouth of two or three witnesses, let every word be established.
I just gave you three and y'all choke on it.
Oh, here's another one for you: Deuteronomy 8:18.
'But thou shalt remember the Lord thy God, for it is he that gives thee power to get wealth, that he may establish his covenant, which he swore to the fathers as it is this day.
' He wants to establish his covenant with you.
God's a covenant-keeping God.
God is a blessing God.
God wants you to walk in abundance; he doesn't want you to walk in poverty.
Look, he wants to establish his covenant with you.
So, is it about naming and claiming it, blabbing and grabbing it, and all the things people mock all the time?
Life and death is in the power of your tongue.
If you're always talking poverty, out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaks, you're going to walk in poverty.
But I'm going to say it out of my mouth: I have creative ideas to get wealth.
He's going to tell me how to do it.
Why?
Because he's going to establish his covenant with Brandon Biggs.
So don't hate me whenever you see my harvest because it's coming.
I know the cryptos that I've invested in and the one the Lord's told me is going to make me a billionaire.
Don't hate me.
I'm telling you it's coming.
'The blessing of the Lord maketh rich and adds no sorrow with it.
' Proverbs 10:22: 'The blessing of the Lord, it makes rich and adds no sorrow with it.
' That means there's blessing without sorrow.
It means you ain't having a bad day; you're full of joy.
Why?
He said good days are coming for the body of Christ.
Days of fun have just begun.
Either you believe it or you don't.
Why is it so easy to rebuttal that?
People get so mad.
But he wants you to believe him for more.
The wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous.
Why not?
Satan comes and tries to offer you everything under the sun and say, 'Listen, this is what I'm going to do; you do this for me.
' But God said it's all mine.
And the devil's a copycat.
So he wants to copy and do what God will do for the righteous if you're dead to self and he can trust you with it.
It's when you're righteous.
'The blessing of the Lord maketh rich and adds no sorrow with it.
' So if you're in right standing with God, he doesn't have a problem with it.
It's whenever you are letting things control you.
'Let them shout for joy and be glad that favor my righteous cause.
Yea, let them say continually, "Let the Lord be magnified, which hath pleasure in the prosperity of his servant.
"' I'm telling you, you want to make a devil mad.
That's why he hates the Greens, the people of Hobby Lobby and Mart Green, because I know for a fact they give to ministries and blessing.
They're the ones that bailed out ORU.
I think it was $56 million, and if they hadn't had it, ORU would have been closed.
But God used a billionaire named Green from Hobby Lobby that spoke to his heart and said, 'Bail out ORU.
' ORU is where my wife graduated.
She got her bachelor's there and has her counseling and everything.
If he wouldn't have built that up, they would have closed it down.
Thank God, it's a good godly school.
They teach the Word there; they love the Lord.
But it took people called the Greens that had Hobby Lobby, 400 stores nationwide.
They said, 'Hey, I can write a check for that.
' Imagine being able to give a school $56 million—whatever it was, a lot of money.
Write a check and say, 'Listen, we don't want you to close it down,' where you're the only God-fearing school around, because other than that, you have to go to a secular school.
So, let's write a check for that because they would have closed the doors.
Thank God for the Greens.
Thank God for Mardel.
Thank God so many people have been blessed going to ORU, and the Mabee Center would be called something else because a secular school would have come in and bought that place and they'd be making it a secular school right now.
But now the Glory Dome will be the Mabee Center because the Greens stood in and helped buy it.
Thank God.
So, who else wants to be a Green?
Who wants to write a $58 million check?
Do you?
Can God trust you with it?
Could you choke on it if he told you and you were a billionaire?
If he told you, 'I want you to write them a check so they don't lose it all,' and you go, 'That's a lot of money.
' That's why you don't have it.
The Greens did it.
Thank God for them.
I don't know why I'm supposed to say all this stuff tonight.
Stretch yourself.
Praise ye the Lord.
Blessed is the man that feareth the Lord, that delighteth greatly in his commandments.
His seed shall be mighty upon the earth.
The generation of the upright shall be blessed.
Wealth and riches shall be in his house, and his righteousness endureth forever.
Thank you.
That's a good one, Braden.
I never had that before.
As you could see, Father, we just thank you, Lord, for this night of prayer.
And we lift up Cuba before you.
We lift up our nation.
We thank you, Lord Father, that people grasp a hold of what you have for them in these end times.
And we believe we receive the wealth transfer tonight.
We believe as we latch on to those scriptures that it's not meant for us to barely get by.
It's meant for us to have more than enough.
And Father, the wealth of the sinner, from Elon Musk to all these people, Father, will rain down on the righteous.
And Father, you'll say, 'Know when to hold them, know when to fold them,' and you'll show us when we're supposed to get out and what we're supposed to do because God, whatever you say to do, we'll do it.
And Father, I bless every person here tonight that's believing for big, that they don't choke on the blessing that you have for us.
That we latch on, Father, and we stretch our faith for exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the wealth doesn't control us.
We control it, and we use it as a hammer, like a skilled carpenter or a pipe wrench to a skilled plumber.
We believe, Father, that that is what you want for your body, for we are the body of Christ and we will not be shying back from what you have for us.
We'll have every good and perfect thing God has for us in these last days.
Thank you, Father, that the churches that are represented here will be debt-free.
Father, we'll have more than enough to prepare for what's coming.
And that, Father, we will not be on the bad side of it.
We'll be like Joseph having the seven years of plenty getting ready for the seven years of famine; Father, we are people who will know when the storms of life are coming and will be prepared for such a time as this in the name of Jesus.
Well, that was a little different, wasn't it?
Stir the people.
You've got to know because nobody's teaching this stuff anymore, how to believe God for more.
And people get attacked for it.
Whatever, attack.
Enjoy your poverty.
Enjoy it.
If that's what you want to wallow around in, wallow in it.
But I'm not going to.
I'm going to believe God for this, for what he just said in his word.
Believe God for it.
Didn't go out saying money grubbing and asking people for everything.
You don't have to ask nobody for a dime.
God will bless you and you don't have to ask anybody for nothing.
If they feel led to give to you, the Holy Spirit will tell them to.
But you don't have to be a beggar.
Have a sign: 'Help me.
Won't you help me?
' No.
Just let the light shine on you, and the wealth will come to you as you display him.
As you display him.
You don't have to be a beggar.
Be a believing believer and just let the light shine on you and watch what God does.
You don't have to beg people.
People are always thinking you're like the people on the side of the road always asking for something.
You don't have to be that.
Just be a light, and light attracts moths.
A light attracts things and it comes.
Let light shine on you, through you, around you.
Be a light.
I said those polls in those states represented a light, and the polls, those people, those were places of hotspots: Tulsa, Arkansas, and the days ahead.
Watch what happens.
You're going to see major places that are going to be put on the map and you're going to go, 'Whoa, my goodness, look at that.
' It's because the light is on it.
So, I've said enough tonight.
I know it's kind of different.
I didn't get really into the vein of what I wanted, but that's all right.
Every day is different.
We'll do it again tomorrow.
Tomorrow's Friday, and I hope this has blessed some of you.
We pray it blessed you.
And we'll be back.
We'll keep praying.
I'll pray for our president.
Pray for the things ahead.
All right.
God bless you all.
We love you.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you.
Have a wonderful night.
Bye-bye.